= The Fools, an example CARPS mod 

== The Fools is hosted on github:

* http://github.com/elginer/fools

== DESCRIPTION:

The Fools.  Copyright John Morrice 2010. 

The Fools is distributed for educational purposes: it is 
intended to be used by programmers, as an aid in 
learning how to write mods for CARPS.

The Fools is loosely based on the rules of the Drones RPG:
http://www.granta.demon.co.uk/drones/

Copyright Ian Crowther, Sheila Thomas, Victoria Uren 1995-1996

You should familiarise yourself with the rules before
play, though note the following differences and quriks
present in this Fools mod:

* Your character points are present on the character
  sheet. These are your total character points, rather
  than the points you have not yet spent available.  
  Hence you should NOT reduce this value when you spend 
  a point.  
  As in the Fools rules, you should expect 
  the Game Master to tell you how many points you have 
  available before the game begins.

* Two additional character attributes are added:
  Intoxication and Discomfiture.
  These attributes are to keep track of the transitory 
  nature of drunkenness and being the subject of A Sound 
  Drubbing, respectively.  
  These values range from 0 to -10.  0 indicates 
  sobreity or perfect health, while -10 represents a 
  highly debilated state.

== REQUIREMENTS:

Fools

== INSTALL:

# This installs the gem

sudo rake install_gem

# This registers the mod with CARPS

rake register_mod

== LICENSE:

Copyright 2010 John Morrice
 
Fools is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
(at your option) any later version.

Fools is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
GNU General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
along with Fools.  If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.
